[Pipeline Component] - Fix small typos in pipeline component documentation (#111676)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-use-pipeline-component.md

## The difference between pipeline job and pipeline component

> In general, pipeline components are similar to pipeline jobs as they both contain a group of jobs/components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, pipeline components are similar to pipeline jobs because they both contain a group of jobs/components.
```

> Here are some main differences you need to be aware when defining pipeline component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some main differences you need to be aware of when defining pipeline components:
```
